hide ya she did make it she's naked and
well not you are not yeah why not
I'm not naked I'm wearing a row does not
make it can trigger no longer item
ha
okay let's recycle this I'm recycling on
my junk right now
Oh
ok
oh just like a librarian on ninja mask I
know but I'm recycling
she and I make it i'm wearing a rope
y'all it's not have skin
what I'm going to do come on respect
step up glitch and um what you're
getting oh gosh everyone know how as you
see nose in it I'm am Jim contact if you
go into in contact and you said it's
simply got scammed or blixtra hacked um
you just do your parent name of your
email that level of law whatever your
issue is and
your username like go enjoy issue there
where spike gone and then you hit submit
but you don't you type in your pants
name email yeah how r if you need to
call them but I should just get all your
clothes number email do that comment if
you need to mail them or go this is um
this is where animal jam lives you tall
building neato SS some people living at
all right me too huh so like HD she
wants a choice
okay his lair spike long black no I'm
showing them how to get their anger um
dang HD um issue once right and then you
hit submit and there you go so that's
how you do it and ya go thanks for
watching don't forget to Like and
subscribe inside that that business she
said bye